what's up everyone this is candid and
quick quick video I'm hoping it's going
to be quick it's winter time and a lot
of people I myself have been trying to
get my shea butter mixes my shake I love
Jake coconut shake something or another
mixed together as I'm turning for
vintage it's getting cold here in
Connecticut so many guys it's not quite
cold yet but for me it has been getting
cold and I have the first thing about
shea butter I didn't like the smell so
I've been on this whole thing of trying
to make it smell good so quite a bunch
of fragrances about that working I
didn't like the consistency because was
really hard so I melted it I then took a
blender and lift it I then found out
that I most like I like it blended with
the ninja and this thing that I bought
here will go into that but I got the
consistency the way that I like it so I
work on the smell I work on a
consistency but there's one thing that I
could not solve and that was it making
my hair look ashy and dull okay and I
don't have it in right now
because I noticed that when I go to
pomade my hair was looking shiny but
when I use my shea butter mix my hair
was looking ashy and dull and I could
not figure out what and I tried
everything I tried like adding oils to
the point where my hair was looking dull
and I look in the mirror and I see the
frickin thing dripping hey embarrassing
myself okay because the DEM here is so
oily I've tried putting more oils less
oils more butter this hardware that I
mean I just tried everything and I'm
done with it if you guys are
experiencing the same thing let me know
I don't know I'm sure I can't be the
only one but let me know I am I feel
like you know as you get through this
whole natural hair thing you have to try
different things you know and I
certainly identified with something that
- hey ladies on hand I have here like
mine it's really kinky and they're like
oil shea butter is it but you know what
so at the end of the day I have what
makes me comfortable and I'm not going
to be able to stick with it if it
doesn't look pleasing to me you know I'm
already doing these besides my hair
slugger I'm kind of digging it because
I'm kind of swooped them up like this
and I kind of like that you know before
it was really small I couldn't do this
as much so I like that so I think the
Spencer I'm not making anymore I'm gonna
be trying to twist it and tuck it and do
different things with it but I can't
have that thing looking dull it needs to
have some kind of lust of some kind of
Sheen you know like even my natural hair
wasn't as dull as when I put that dog
like shea butter in there let me know
what you guys have been doing I'm gonna
be doing pomades even my audience had a
but you can see right here that's what
that is I'm not a hundred percent happy
with that right now I'm most happy with
it above everything else but I think
when and trying to mix something myself
and I didn't want to go there with that
because I'm really not into like that
whole thing yeah
become a thing I'm not really into it
but I feel like I've already ordered
some stuff I'm gonna try to see if I can
get it the way that I like it because
even but the oil in handmade burnt sugar
pomade I like it it does well I don't
like the green feeling and it's really
really hard I'm trying to find something
that's lift and smooth the way that the
shaper that I got back to me it really
bit but still has a sheen of the pomade
so I'm trying to make something myself
and if it works great if it doesn't you
know I'll just keep trying that's about
it hope you guys do well and umm it's
long is Monday back to work hope you
guys do well that's all I interested in
hearing more from me including
photography natural hair and other
musings check out my blog and these
social media platforms links are in the
description bar